Hello folks, let's study one more
gospel introduction is Grandpa is what I am looking for
of the club in adi is in greater sun
the chords are used is is one more
largest and smallest is bigger and smaller.
to put us in a joyous field is with
good palms put a battery here one
keyboard to be able to help us in the
introduction
i
Only then let's go
the production will be like this with the sun, right?
you will use the be that would be the cherry of the
sun or even its intention would be a minor
is a genius one
only this is the only male who forgives him
just be not enough just do not know if the bass
under the sun
so come on, in fact, already done here
oh
the Lord
the smaller
it's bigger
ae
O
ok it has an introduction in the middle that is the
solo of the two sacs we can follow
on the keyboard, right?
It's more like a hair
it's very easy
then it was his biggest
went there
my sun is more or less like that
to remember about the make who
does the sexist email maceió?
is
OK
ok, ok if you want to be doing it right?
It's not our obligation, it's the artists of the
another only if you are prospecting may
stop doing this solo represents in the
sax is it here the world is doing alone
a delivery just to remember the melody
but even
the defendant himself in the selection
Sun
good again
I think watching your biggest is
It's spoken like a goal.
I use the bustling 7 to actually stay with
your knives and commented not only have
diverted
or am
is
or does a scale that they do not find
best
Beauty, only God bless you in name.
from lord jesus